docs: Add remote development section (#1920)
vscode-neovim/vscode-neovim: README.md

The built-in multi-cursor support may not meet your needs. Please refer to the plugin
[vscode-multi-cursor.nvim](https://github.com/vscode-neovim/vscode-multi-cursor.nvim) for more multi-cursor features

### Remote development

> We intend to use vscode-neovim as a UI extension, running locally instead of installing and configuring nvim in a remote

Reviewer: can we instead declare `["ui", "workspace"]` and try to do the right thing (and possibly show a message) automatically?

Author: There should be no way to determine where the user wants to install the extension.

> environment. If you prefer to use nvim in a remote environment, you can set the following in your VSCode

Reviewer 2: It might be worth noting this isn't a requirement. I've never done it on any server I've connected to remotely

Author: Are you sure that the extension is running on remote extension host?

Reviewer 2: I'm not, no, but this paragraph makes it sound like these settings are a requirement for using the extension when remotely connecting

Author: Adjusted a little

The built-in multi-cursor support may not meet your needs. Please refer to the plugin
[vscode-multi-cursor.nvim](https://github.com/vscode-neovim/vscode-multi-cursor.nvim) for more multi-cursor features

### Remote development

We intend to use vscode-neovim as a UI extension, so when you're using remote development, vscode-neovim is enabled in
the Local Extension Host, and it should work out of the box.

> If you prefer to use Neovim in the remote environment, vscode-neovim should be installed in the Remote Extension Host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use the remote environment's copy of Neovim, rather than the locally installed one, vscode-neovim should be installed in the Remote Extension Host.
```

Better, just a small tweak you can take or leave
